[Challenge 42] Spring boot actuator hiding api key (#1107)
OWASP/wrongsecrets: src/main/resources/explanations/challenge42.adoc

=== Spring Boot Actuator Audit Event

> The developers decided to leverage the power of Spring Boot Actuator
> to monitor and audit their application. The project involved interfacing with various external APIs,
> each requiring a unique key for authentication. The audit events, detailed and informative, seemed like
> the perfect solution for monitoring the inner working of their system.
> 
> The team implemented a logging mechanism that included detailed audit events.
> Unbeknownst to them, these logs contained traces of the sacred API keys, hidden in plain sight within
> the audit events.
> 
> Can you find this API key?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The developers decided to leverage the power of Spring Boot Actuator
to monitor and audit their application. The project involved interfacing with various external APIs,
each requiring a unique key for authentication. The audit events, detailed and informative, seemed like
the perfect solution for monitoring the inner workings of their system.

The team implemented a logging mechanism that included detailed audit events.
Unbeknownst to them, these logs contained traces of the sacred API key hidden within
the audit events.

Can you find this API key?
```
